Interviewer: Hello! We will cover one problem today related to finding longest mountain in given array.

Programmer: Hello. That is great. May you explain problem a bit more?

Interviewer: Yes, you are given an array composed of integers and you need to find the length of the longest subarray in that array that is forming a mountain. By mountain we understand as a subarray where there is a peak element, i.e. there is one strictly lower value before it and one strictly lower value after it.

Programmer: Perfect, understood. I guess then that the minimum length must be 3 elements, and we would return 0 in other case.

Interviewer: Yeah, that is absolutely correct! What approach would you follow to solve this problem?

Programmer: First thing would be to iterate over the array to find potential peaks. Once we hava  potential peak we will move to left of it to see how long has the increasing sequence been there and on the right, equivalently, for decreasing sequence. Then, sum both lengths (plus 1 for the peak) to obtain our longest mountain. Further, I would have to keep track of the maximum length found, by using max function and comparing latest found mountain length with already largest one.

Interviewer: That seems to be a good approach. Which programming language will you use?

Programmer: I was thinking of Python as it has a easier to read syntax that could be of great help for you. However, I am open to some other languages as per faster execution or your preferences.

Interviewer: Usually, we use C++ so if you could use it, it would be great for us. Plus, as you said, Python may not be the faster to run and we are interested in time.

Programmer: Okay, perfect. Then I will go for C++.

Interviewer: Do you have any more questions before coding?

Programmer: Yes, I have some questions. First, can the elements in array have negative values?  

Interviewer: No, the statement says only values that are nonnegative. 

Programmer: Okay, second is how should we handle flat sections (when all values are the same in a consecutive section.

Interviewer: Interesting question, we can assume that since there is no peak, we do nothing but returning 0.

Programmer: That's all, I will start coding now.

Interviewer: Great, thank you.
